today I was going through some shitty
YouTube content as I'd like to do and I
decided to check in on a classic our old
friend I'm J Station I've done videos in
the past about people who will make
these like scary videos where they'll
get attacked by killer clown there are
kids that actually believe the [__] is
real
[Music]
[Applause]
in today's climates one must look no
further than YouTube to find some of the
most wretched yet prominent manipulators
of the past decade in terms of youtubers
themselves it's often the ones blinded
by ego and self-importance that wield
the most influence and as we've all seen
in the past a desire for power can
easily cloud judgments and skew morals
as many select personalities feel an
intense desire to deceive their audience
on their climb up the social ladder
this type of fervent crowd manipulation
is nothing new it can unfortunately be
used to control the behavior and
emotions of one's audience whether it's
to manufacture feelings or to turn a
profit it's up to us to uncover the
tactics used by these cretins as to not
fall for them in the future with one of
the more infamous online manipulators
going by the name of I'm J Station
No Limits no it's not you know what Jane
I think you're reading the wrong
textbooks you should probably go read
the Bible oh really I'm like this the
Bible say people want power Jesus wanted
power it's not what it says in the Bible
tell me that okay that you would be in
the Bible but what have you done for
people the center of it says he's
getting rich the police watching his
online antics say he's getting charged
in his latest challenge Jay station as
he calls himself claims to break into a
house and spend the night there with a
friend while police believe this video
is a hoax his actions elsewhere enough
are good cause he's not gonna call the
police all right he's getting a lot of
attention again online well that he is
you know he spent the night in the bay
at TD place even a bowling alley his
antics are frustrating police but making
him money
Etsy a wouldn't agree to an interview
but over the phone told me I was going
to stop doing them but I'm getting
payments I've gotten rich off this
[Music]
your dares take me up here at Walmart
it's gonna be late it's gonna be late
we're gonna get it today we're gonna get
it today today station is a Canadian
creator who has dominated the youtubes
clickbait game for quite some time
tapping into the crucial child
demographic needed to gain the nearly
five and a half million subscriber fan
base he's so agonizing League loads if
you touch me don't touch it
actually he'd be under arrest if you
don't leave me getting himself involved
with the police on a regular basis and
cashing in on ill-famed challenges that
notoriously struck the platform in late
2016 it's true that for the past three
years J station has consistently
delivered some of the most high-quality
professional content you or I could ever
imagine whisker was popping today I'm
gonna be asking a bunch of random
strangers if they've ever tried being
gay
yes sir yes hey Don good I really don't
normally do this but you're extremely
handsome I'm just a quick question I
ever tried being gay never tried being
gay no do you know if you're gay then
you know you're not getting well you
never tried it you ever tried it I want
to show you and maybe you know you like
it
Jays station look more like well more
like more like nevermind this little
trend of all caps in your face best Pope
dollar prank ever clickbait propelled
Jay into much desired notoriety for
better or for worse
Jay was able to get a lot of attention
for the prank calling prostitutes
calling prostitutes prank prostitutes
prank called type videos he would make
because although they may have been a
little contemptible in some eyes they
were still racking up clicks at least
for a channel his size and really it
didn't take our friend long to find a
perfectly suitable audience
impressionable enough to take advantage
of seat with the rise of the 24-hour
challenge came smooth sailing for our
buddy Jay
[Music]
800,000 views a million views four
million views five million views it was
apparent to not only Jade that he had
stumbled upon a goldmine by click
baiting the [__] out of his content Jay
was able to get the views he always
desired and with views came money lots
of it - made like two million dollars
bro multimillionaire
I'm smarter than hell bro with an
audience heavily dominated by children
Jay quickly realized the massive
influence he possessed along with the
abundant potential that came as a side
effect of having such a gullible and
naive fanbase that is until lovely Susan
brought the hammer down the amount of
money that I'm missing right now is
humongous all right guys I just can't
make videos I just can't do it and you
guys need to let YouTube know if that
pisses you off because it pisses me off
guys that week suspension it hurt me man
financially that frigging hurt me man I
quit my job I'm getting fined you told
won't let me monetize anything I don't
even know what's going on it's like a a
whole conspiracy to like shut Jay down
wiring it why towards the end of 2016
Jade stations 400k subs channel fell
victim to some false flagging f he calls
it which resulted in rampant D
monetization that both hindered his
uploads and crippled his stream of
income because Yetta
I guess uploading footage of yourself
committing a crime to YouTube is a bad
idea but after just quitting his job to
pursue YouTube full-time Jay was forced
to find his way around this little
financial roadblock so what did he do
made a completely new channel that he's
still active on today fully functioning
and fully monetized if there's a will
there's a way
it was poppin guys we just made a
hundred thousand subscribers on this new
channel and under a day so I just want
to tell you
thank you for all the support on this
you guys really caught me like I was
afraid if I got zero subscribers that'd
be it and you guys really showed support
I just want to remind you guys that only
five of the 3435 videos that I posted on
my main channel were the only videos
that the police were able to charge me
on something yeah what they have learned
from this [__] is you can't trust him
as far as you can throw with everything
he says should be questioned seeing is
he does manipulate children for a living
but according to the first video on his
current channel it was either the media
or the police that contacted YouTube and
Flags the 35 videos he had made when he
was only charged on five of them but you
know it's still pretty significant you
mean the world to me guys I'm gonna use
all of my money to make the best YouTube
videos to make the most entertaining
stuff for you guys I'm gonna continue to
do it because I love it I love the
support that you've given me
you guys have definitely shown me that
you are here for me and that means I'm
forever here for you guys though these
minut trespassing charges would not
deter our man from achieving his dream
on his new channel
three am the most unholy hour to make a
video at least in the eyes of many
height beasts clickbait channels from
2017 J station being one of them the 3
a.m. challenge is probably one of the
lowest forms of entertainment to ever
ravage the platform you know calling my
deceased grandfather at 3 a.m.
calling my wife's boyfriend at 3 a.m.
calling black Santa at 3 a.m. yeah that
last one was real actually ok it's
really really [__] but not to children
kids love these videos like you wouldn't
believe
simply because it piques their interest
it's framed as this edgy taboo content
your mom wouldn't let you watch and do a
kid that is gnarly man I remember
binging those totally real ghost
sighting videos as a kid thinking it was
just the coolest thing in the world
hell I'd probably be watching J station
2 if i were 9 and an idiot's kids don't
know better they're incredibly loyal and
will click just about any piece of dodge
you happen to plop out which is
something J already realizes and should
probably take into consideration when he
pretends to buy literal slaves off the
darkweb slaves
people can buy to do everything for them
guys obviously I do not support slavery
all guys so tonight we are going to buy
one of these slaves yeah I mean Jay
hates slavery so much she's willing to
funnel pools of money into human
trafficking so he can have his very own
family an entirely normal thing to put
on the internet wouldn't you say oh my
god this is freaking insane
it's gritty oh my god Ahmed this is
insane yeah the idea of Jay asking his
only black friend to play a slave in his
stupid-ass YouTube video really does
help me sleep at night
Jay's pattern of manipulation far out
reaches shallow clickbait meant to fool
the most gullible of children however
you see Jay is completely deprived of
any creative abilities whatsoever
he is a talentless shill in every sense
of the word so it to make up for it he's
forced to rely on nonsensical stories to
gain even a sliver of support from his
audience which I guess would be fine had
it not been for his shameless attempts
at passing it off as reality I wish it
was but I really felt fear for my life
let me tell you guys what happened they
come in the house I was sitting here
they run up on me
they uh they just punch me in the face
they choke me out it pushed me against
this wall I struggle around I end up on
here look at his blood all up on here
here they're beating the [__] out of me
right there eventually I went
unconscious tried to escape I ran over
here blood all on my couch I guess
somehow in the midst of this little
struggle all three guys happen to beat
Jay perfectly asymmetrically on the left
side of his head knocking him out
unconscious the slew of times but you
know it totally happens in real fights
they [__] me up again start going on
conscious and [__] they're [__] me up
here they're holding that knife on me
where's the knife they were anyway they
held a knife on me here's a knife this
[__] on me
they said they're gonna kill me they're
gonna kill me where's the money where's
the Rolex of course the police left all
of the evidence behind for Jay to play
with I mean according to him this entire
vlog was shot after he got back from the
hospital meaning he would have been
required to explain what happened in
detail I'm gonna tell you guys after I
roll this clip that I filmed right after
I got back from the hospital guys
straight [__] police bro the cops
would have already deemed his house a
crime scene before he would be given the
chance to film it but hey I guess the
details don't matter when you're
monetizing a fake home invasion ignore
the skeptics and get that bad King I
don't want to have to make this video I
don't want this to happen again
I am literally scared of my own house my
guess is that he either got involved in
a real accident whilst filming another
oscar-winning piece of cinema and just
decided to turn it into content or he's
wearing makeup and lied about the entire
thing which again is perfectly in reason
for someone who literally lies as a
career on a top for a really nice place
on a golf course
looking nice okay it's looking nice it's
a lot better than the hell that I used
to call home hey remember that time he
got arrested at Disney World and
threatened the security guards by saying
how important and powerful he was even
though he was filming a security
checkpoint and was repeatedly asked to
turn cameras off good not as good as as
vici bored videos on dead celebrities
though if you've already heard of Jay
station chances are it's because of
videos like these where he takes
advantage of the passing of a celebrity
like Mac Miller or xxx tint osteon by
making grossly insensitive we
keyboard videos capitalizing on their
death they shouldn't even have to
explain why this is shameless grotesque
and utterly irredeemable drug addiction
is a serious problem guys something has
to change when you sad about ariana
grande you have to be [__] kidding me
man J station is all of YouTube's worst
traits just as Bald's up into one person
what the hell J it's become such a joke
in the community that this guy is gonna
hop on every recent celebrity death
reviews because honestly it's definitely
not outside the realm of possibility
when you have videos like these what's
poppin guys I just got back from the
middle of nowhere in an insane asylum I
checked Twitter right now and I saw the
most horrific news I've ever seen man
honestly guys and it comes from comments
on my youtube channel telling me J you
better not do the Ouija board on Etica
in June 2019 immediately after
etiquettes passing J made the video I
think most people at the time were
anticipating contacting edit Co Ouija
board challenge only it wasn't a Ouija
board challenge at all it was a
shameless attempt to capitalize Aneta
cos death by writing in on a high horse
and morally looking down on the people
who clickbait suicide so you know
exactly what he's doing
hell no I'm not gonna do the Ouija board
on Etica bruh if you're not donating to
ethical or his family or mental health
when you're tweeting about it or you're
making a youtube video about it you're
doing it for attention bro so when
you're gonna get mad at me for the Ouija
board you're doing the same [__] it's
for attention who cares about the ads
bro you care you think this youtuber
will 4 million subscribers care about
500 bucks from a YouTube video you don't
really care though you're just doing it
for attention bro lucky man I almost
died like a week ago bro I don't even
think he had a coherent goal for this
one either
I think
wanted to take advantage of any cos
passing in a way that didn't seem so
insufferable only he failed miserably
edeka really jumped off a bridge bro
this is not for no YouTube it wasn't
part of his act bro he it was a real
deal bro this happens to people not only
just big youtubers it happens to
everybody
these youtubers are doing this making
five different videos about being
depressed
brob sad - bruh but I'm not about to say
I got depression dude cuz you know what
man if you didn't feel like etiquette
did you don't got to press in my dude
you don't got depression you're doing it
for attention so next time you sad suck
it up brah I can't even give him the
benefit of the doubt by donating twenty
five hundred to charity because the
video is still fully monetized with
links to his merch right in the [__]
description he's still exploiting
suicide despite his callous attempts at
raising awareness for mental health
leave it - I'm J Station the literal
cum-stained of YouTube to speak on
behalf of those suffering from
depression trying to paint yourself with
a decent human being while riding the
wave of every high profile death you
deem profitable enough I hope you know
I'm being 1,000% sincere when I tell you
to go [__] yourself I'm asking anybody
of you if you're watching me right now
to donate to edit calm I'm gonna put the
link in the description and hell yeah
I'll put ads on this [__] and it's all
going to edit Cobra hashtag no [__]
[__] but speaking of monetize this
video it definitely isn't which is why
we're sponsored by Ray Khan I've been
using these stylish yet seamlessly
discreet earbuds consistently for the
past few months and they still sounded
better than ever
whether I'm falling asleep to my
favorite music or consuming some of the
greatest cinema YouTube has to offer
right con always gets the job done and I
wouldn't say that if it weren't true
these things actually sound just as
amazing as any other top brand on the
market their latest model e 25 is one of
their best yet
six hours of playtime flawless bluetooth
pairing and a nice noise isolating fit
with a variety of sick nasty colors to
go to by Ray conjure e to get 15% off
your order
link in the description below so just J
Aubrey without the space basically
massive thanks to the fine people array
con for feeding me another week wouldn't
want to die of starvation and risk of
this little rodent making a Ouija board
challenge on me speaking of let's get
into something a little more tasteless
Alexia on January 26 2020 Jay found
himself embroiled in criticism after
publicly admitting to faking his
girlfriend's death and attempting to
contact her from beyond the grave lazily
conducting a seance for views and money
Jay station isn't the brightest crayon
in the box so the stunt itself was
hardly convincing to anyone with a half
functioning brain stem but that didn't
stop him from exploiting the emotions of
naive fans in an attempt to promote his
garbage second channel dream team that
he shared with his girlfriend Alexia
their conjoined channel featured videos
the two had made together vlogs
challenges I don't even really know
seeing that the entire channel has since
been completely wiped but regardless
this little prank probably would have
gone a little smoother if Jays
relationship hadn't been crumbling
behind the scenes as the couple would
insinuate over the course of about five
or six separate videos I don't even know
this point I've lost count but before we
go too deep let's take it from the top
to a drunk driver guys now why he had to
make it a drunk driving accident I have
no idea maybe just because it sounds
more real though going for something
that could hit rather close to home for
some viewers it doesn't seem like the
morally superior route to me I think
it's pretty clear at this point where
Jays terrible intentions live he pretty
much just pretends to cry for the
duration of the video wiping tears from
his eyebrows before uploading a second
video only a day later visiting the
supposed memorial site for Alexius now
this video is just stupid because at
this point he's still trying to pass the
incident off as real you'd think he'd be
smarter than to reveal the location of
the accident which would allow room for
Internet detectives like critical in
some ordinary gamer to swoop in and
disprove whatever idiotic claim he's
trying to make but this is the guy who
plastered mud to the bottom of his shoe
and started stamping it around the room
to construct a crudely planned home
invasion
I guess I'm expecting too much you're
the boyfriend you wouldn't know every
detail of the accident if it ever
happened you're not even trying but we
still didn't have confirmation that any
of this was fake maybe she did die and
maybe he really is this insensitive god
knows it hasn't stopped him before but
the fact that all of this did turn out
to be orchestrated for views almost
makes it even worse in my opinion none
of you guys actually been commenting on
my videos to talk to her on the Ouija
board guys a lot of you guys just want
to hear one last thing from her guys so
do i what what is easy bro what sort of
kiss
the price for my life never get cheaper
now no I swear on my life J I'm not even
trippy come check in the mirror right
now J ended up taking the three videos
down not because he wanted to not
because he realized the intense gravity
of what he was peddling to children but
because he had to or else Alexia's
parents were going to the news and
telling everyone that their daughter was
alive and well and that this slimeball
was merely capitalizing off the idea
that she had been merged by a drunk
driver she woke up at seventh round 8:00
a.m. when I just posted the video and
she said she just got off the phone with
her dad and her dad's yelling at her he
wants me to say to the world that it was
just a prank she elects she's not really
dead or he was gonna go to the news and
tell everybody that Alexia wasn't dead
there also appeared to be a warrant for
his arrest so you know you could say his
hands were a little tied I expected all
this to stay on YouTube Aleksey it was
never dead now this was the point where
he admitted that he and Alexia were not
together anymore and being the woman who
had been there for him to help make just
about every video for the past five
months that was a pretty big deal the
story though it does get a little hard
to follow so please just try and stick
with me here after Alexia filed the
assault claim against her boyfriend she
fled to Ottawa with her mother and uncle
in an attempt to get as far away as
possible from Jay he retaliated that
night with a video that I guess was
meant to expose Alexia wasn't really
defending himself in any way wasn't
really owning up to any of his mistakes
but rather saying everything he could to
try and smear Alexia up down incentive
by the way guys like she was down to me
to make these videos with me like she
was nervous well I told her I didn't
matter I go onto my laptop she deleted
videos that we recorded together on my
laptop she did all that when I was
sleeping I was just kissing this girl I
woke up she said she would be there
she's gone I delete the videos then she
go into the police and tell her I
assaulted her with a weapon and now I
have warrants on my arrest I try to help
her
build a career for herself make hundreds
of thousands of dollars if not millions
of dollars why did I deserve this why
did I deserve this I don't care what
kind of idiotic excuses you have for us
J this video is pathetic and you're
pathetic it really shouldn't even be
necessary to come clean about something
like this but because your audience
already has a tough enough time telling
truth from reality I guess you were kind
of backed into a corner though turning
your fans against Alexia it didn't
really work out seeing if she was quick
to fire back with her own video taking a
MJ as to what's going on right now
between me and J so I was in Ottawa at
one point I think for my grandma's
funeral and then I came back and then J
tells me about him and ommited had this
idea and immediately I was super
uncomfortable I did not think it was
okay especially since lots of you guys
are younger I didn't happen with these
videos because I was okay with the Sun
or because I wanted these videos to go
out I only helped him out of fear of
course it should be duly noted that J
initially downloaded and reuploaded her
own video to their joint channel dream
team where he then proceeded to claim
her video and steal all of the ad
revenue still making her out to be the
bad guy of course when he struck back
with another Alexia exposed video this
time she has devil horns so you know
she's bad to my pants it wasn't for my
fans she wouldn't have any subscribers
at all and she completely disrespects my
fans she calls them delusional stupid
everything I mean she wrong Alexia is
literally trying to ruin my life
right now guys imagine waking up in the
morning and your girlfriend is just gone
she breaks up with you not only without
even telling you but without even
texting you about it oh yeah you mean
like the time you made a video about her
dying and didn't tell her or her family
until you absolutely had to if anything
this video just incriminates and more he
confirms that he hasn't been paying
Alexia to help him with videos despite
shoveling money - this meatball for
doing the exact same job according to
Alexia she even helped him with
the editing cell the tire justification
50% of the restaurants money it makes
she's just supposed to be my girlfriend
a girlfriend is supposed to help her
boyfriend succeed and want them to do
well it just boils down to a lame
attempt at an excuse doesn't it I have
this one fan that's been my fan for like
ever
her name is Jay angel on Instagram she
was actually jealous of me talking to
this girl I said why are you jealous of
a fourteen-year-old girl who's been my
fan for the last three years all of her
pictures on her Instagram are up me
she's a real fan of me she likes me a
lot and I appreciate my fans I don't
think it's right for this girl to tell
me to unfollow my fans Wow here's a
thought maybe she didn't why you talking
to a literal child because he did fly
out to Texas in 2017 to meet a fan a
decade younger than you you let her stay
in your hotel even though she was forced
to stay up the whole night in fear of
what you might do to her while she was
asleep originally I had met him through
like I mentioned scrubs on Ahmed and
basically we like I was fans of them
with their collabing videos and all the
videos they date about like jokes and
stuff I was confused I was like you're
really gonna come and see me so yeah
like we bonded over text like you're my
friend and I'm like oh I guess I was
just really really starstruck it's a
three videos we did were in like a
two-day span so I did spend the night
that one night but like it like I told
you uh nothing happened he slept on the
couch but I I made sure to stay up all
night because I was paranoid I wasn't
sure what he was gonna do it was 2017 so
yeah I was 17 yeah I mean that sounds
like a pretty innocuous relationship to
me man it really does feel like my new
home I just really don't want to leave
Texas I yeah I want to stay but maybe
I'll come back I don't know
just kind of like choke me like 24/7 yes
Kayla
I'll be back my gosh you don't want me
to leave I don't want to leave I'm gonna
go to back of my hotel later I'm gonna
be so sad cuz I live like so far away
like oh it's too far it's too far away
guys she really likes me so good thing
that's a completely normal and fine
thing for a youtuber like yourself to
say to a 17 year old fan right forget
the fact that J consistently surrounds
himself with people younger than him
likely because they're easier to
manipulate into doing his bidding in his
own words he hasn't done anything super
bad that I didn't bring up because I
don't think it's right to bring up
private stuff in front of thousands and
thousands of people and like I wasn't
even trying to make himself look like a
quote-unquote good person because he
knows he isn't one which is why I hear
his words to ripping into Alexia as much
as he possibly can who tries to actually
put big charges on me I have actual
arrest warrant for my arrest for
something I didn't do with the max
penalty of ten years in prison she
doesn't want me to do YouTube at all
neither do we so you can try and make it
seem like she's ruining your life or
whatever but at the end of the day J
station you have caused far more turmoil
in Alexia's life than she has yours and
to make matters worse she isn't the only
one
[Music]
go ahead and do it over the course of
this entire debacle skeptics have begged
a few burning questions and rightfully
so they're still parts of this story
that don't add up the fact that both the
Ottawa and Toronto Police Department's
denied there being a warrant for Jai's
arrest
despite Jane Alexia both claiming
otherwise the notion has been thrown
around that perhaps Jai and Alexia
planned this entire fallout for views
just so they could promote each other's
brands but given the information that we
have at the time of me recording this I
don't think that's the case
partly because I don't think either of
them are smart enough to concoct
something this complicated on their own
but mainly because Jay was later
arrested and charged with assault which
we'll get into in a second but even if
he were devious enough to manufacture
views and outrage at this level the
parallels between Alexia's claims and
the claims of another one of his
ex-girlfriend's ICO are just two strike
to write off you made assumptions saying
that I don't know just everything to him
meant cheating I wasn't allowed to see
my family I wasn't allowed to come back
to Toronto he actually told me that I
could live with him in Toronto if I
wanted to my dad is really sick right
now so the thought of being decently far
away from him made me really nervous but
I was like okay it's fine
it's only a four hour train or a four
hour drive or like an hour plane am I
allowed to come home weekly at least on
the weekends to come see my family he
said no that seems like you're cheating
and because Jay has no friends he wanted
me to have no friends he deleted all my
contacts in my phone wouldn't even allow
me to talk to my very best friend since
I was a child he didn't like it when I
would talk to my family and
or even let me go home to see my family
I'm sorry that you don't understand how
much I love my family and how much I'm
willing to be there for them one of the
first warning signs of a manipulative
partner in a relationship is when the
party in question begins their attempts
at isolating you from the rest of your
loved ones this is a pattern that
remains consistent in both Alexia and
Aiko's stories despite some initial
trepidation Jay eventually convinced
Alexia to move cross-country with them
away from her sickly father who was and
still is to my knowledge in desperate
need of a kidney transplant in the same
way that Aiko wasn't allowed to go home
to see her family
this gives the abuser more leverage over
the entire relationship someone who may
possess a thirst for power would be
quicker to exhibit this type of behavior
and as we've already established Jay
doesn't take kindly to his influence
being questioned
controlling partners tend to come
equipped with a slew of paranoid induced
insecurities the unreasonable fear of
their partner cheating on them can only
do so much as to fuel these fears and
perpetuate the unhealthy behaviors said
partner seeks to escape Jay was always
on edge according to both Alexia and
Aiko they were going to cheat on him if
they were gonna do something to betray
his trust these worries didn't appear to
be grounded in a reality either which is
what would lead to more irrational rules
set by Jay in the future Jay decided to
take my phone and look through every
single message I had on my text every
single message on my Instagram on my
Twitter even though these messages
weren't even bad and were from years
before I even met Jay Jay still thought
that because of these messages I was
gonna cheat on him Jay told me that he
does not want me to have Instagram he
does not want me to have Facebook he
does not want me to have snapchat he
wanted to completely erase all of my
social media yeah I don't know man
Trust is such a vital part of a
relationship and if you can't trust your
partner to even own a social media
account I think that says way more about
you than your partner oh yeah he also
leaked
Aiko's number and asked
everyone to dislike her video on Twitter
the former should technically be enough
to kick him off patreon the latter just
being a dick move that he seems to go
back on in his Alexia video I want to
start out by saying I'm sorry to
Alexia's family for putting them through
any like hard times stress about the
death of their daughter I good I guess
people don't realize just how hard it is
for someone to simply walk away from an
abuser especially when their work is
being diminished to every single day
maybe they stick around out of fear or
maybe it's because they've simply grown
accustomed to the way things are which
is perhaps even more tragic to consider
the regardless Jay would have you
believe otherwise that Alexia was on
board for all of the videos they worked
on specifically the one through they
faked her death she tries to trick you
guys into thinking that she wanted
nothing to do with her dying the Ouija
board videos none of that that is the
furthest from the truth
we heard a voice while we were playing
with the Ouija board super this time
here's the video of her actually giving
me her voice to use in that video she
was a hundred percent down with these
videos yeah yeah rolling your girlfriend
over at 3 in the morning and forcing her
to record a line for your nauseatingly
stupid video really does prove your
point there but it's not just the mental
and emotional manipulation that
transcends both of his exes testimonies
no it's the physical side that stands
out to me the most according to both
Alexia and ICO Jay has always had a
belligerent side namely referring to
phones I guess it's the only weapon is
tiny pipe cleaner arms can hold I
imagine there's a lot of things that
happened behind the scenes that y'all
don't know I was waiting for the police
to do something about it because Jay
actually went physical on me in your
film all security cameras caught it and
that's not even talking about his
criminal past and who this person really
is by the way
if any of you guys were expecting him to
do a meet-up in the US he's actually
banned from traveling to the United
States so you can forget about that and
based on his violent history I've
decided to get a restraining order to
protect myself not even counting all the
emotional abuse Jay gave to me
throughout our relationship of five
months Jay assaulted me on two separate
occasions one time he literally threw
and whipped an iPhone at my face and
then a second time he grabbed me off the
couch and threw me to the ground
what do you mean what like what you did
before hit me but he has been known to
resort to burst the violence when he
feels threatened which is why Alexia was
able to build the courage to turn his
ass in to the Toronto Police on February
5th Jay's station was charged with
assault with a deadly weapon and
subsequently thrown behind bars for what
I imagine was a brief period of time
seeing as he still managed to squeeze in
a few uploads since then better rack up
some more dough before that court
appearance in March Jay you and I both
know the grind never stops and evidently
neither do manipulative habits and
abusive cycles at least according to
your last two girlfriends Jay station is
an incurable disease festering on the
backside of the Beast we call YouTube
the personification of every negative
stereotype that comes to mind when you
hear the term youtuber
yet his scum filled trait far surpasses
hideous exploitative content spilling
over into his private relationships and
poisoning the lives of anyone who makes
the mistake of affiliating with him the
problem is his success is largely
attributed to an audience too young to
understand the
magnitude of his actions it's true the
egregious behavior of J station goes
over the heads of the very people
keeping his career alive which is why
the only way to combat his shameless
conduct is by spreading the word in
getting the message out that I'm J
station is a menace to the platform and
all who inhabit it we are calling my
dead girl rim at 3:00 a.m. guys I'm
really freaking scared to do this and a
punch being found dead in her house
today
I've got Carmine's fluxional butt off
Internet so I'm gonna bring it up number
seeing it's not just to see if she's
dead or alive make sure you watch me the
Hamid video guys because I'm actually
gonna try her face time Kerby
[Music]